Hi Simon,

My name is Sophie and I’m reaching out to introduce you to F3Polo®, the global polo event series that recently launched successfully in Australia.

I wanted to introduce myself and let you know more about our new F3Polo event series, which made it's electrifying debut in Centennial Park, Sydney and saw the revival of the iconic Portsea Polo in Melbourne last summer. Our much-anticipated Sydney event returns to Mission Fields, Centennial Park on Saturday 14th November 2026 and we’ve recently added Brisbane, debuting at Dorrington Park on the 31st October 2026.

A reimagining of traditional polo, F3Polo brings the action closer than ever with a dynamic three-a-side format with faster matches, high-intensity play on a unique arena on grass. So close it’s personal.
This experience blends elite sport with high-end hospitality, including premium food and beverage, DJ’s and a fashion-forward crowd—all in the heart of the city. We’re proud to be partnered with the Australian Polo Federation, giving us access to Australia’s elite Men’s and Women’s international teams.

This R18+ event runs from 12pm-7pm offering premium hospitality together with exclusive networking opportunities for the business elite. It's the perfect setting to strengthen those crucial client relationships.

We offer multiple ticketing options including Private Marquees (for groups of 10 or more) - our most premium Corporate Hospitality offering. Our full range of ticketing options are:

Private Marquees - exclusive private suites for your invited guests in our Private Marquee zone. Inclusive packages including marquee suite + premium F&B. Packages available from 10 to 100 pax or more
F3 Polo Lounge - for individuals or smaller groups who wish to experience what the Private Marquee zone offers, within in a shared marquee
VIP Champagne Terrace & Bar – A premium, vibrant, social space offering individual tickets in a garden courtyard setting, or Reserved “Platinum” tables offering prime, front row seating and views
GA Polo Lawn & Bar - perfect for small to medium sizes groups in a fun, social environment with DJ’s and gourmet food trucks

This global series also attracts premium global brands and we have a number of Sponsorship opportunities available. Should you wish to learn more about these, please reach out to my Managing Director, Simon Wilson on:
simon@f3polo.com.au Tel: +61 2 7234 4290 (AU) or to request a Sponsorship Proposal click here

Please see the attached brochure for more details, alternatively, click one of the links below to access further information:

Request a Private Marquee Information Pack click here
To book a Private Marquee or Buy Tickets, click here
For more information about our events, visit our website: f3polo.com.au

We look forward to you joining us for An Experience Like No Other.

If you have any questions, simply hit reply and send or give our team a call on +61 2 9831 4966.

Regards,

Sophie Spencer
Hospitality Sales

F3Polo PTY Ltd
d:+61 2 9831 4966 (AU)
e: sophie@f3polo.com.au
w: f3polo.com.au | portseapolo.com.au | f3polo.co.nz | f3polo.sg
